This lesson we're going to be looking at deconstruction.
So let's create a javascript object and we'll give it some values within here so we'll have our first
name and we'll set that first theme to
and then last name and we'll set last name.
So we've got a first name and a last name for person if we console log a person then we know what type
of results that we're expecting here is that we're expecting that output.
So this is just a typical javascript object.
Let's go and refresh it.
So you've got first name and last name there.
So let's go ahead and deconstruct this.
So in order to deconstruct it we're actually going to do the opposite of what we have here so instead
of on the left side and then the right side we've got the values we're going to flip it around.
So let's set that up.
Let And first name.
Actually this should be curly bracket.
So the same format as the objects we've got left.
First Name Last Name and we're going to equal that to person and then we can console log out first name.
So we're actually setting these variables and will console log last name as well.
So let's go out and refresh this.
And we see that we're able to deconstruct it so we're able to now refer to them as a first name and
last name and we're deconstructing those values basically pulling them out of person.
So we're equalling them first name and last name to be equal to a person.
So it finds the matching key values there and it assigns those to that brain new variables that we've
just created.
So this gets even better when we deconstruct a race.
So let's create our array and we're going to play some values within the array.
So we're going to add in some string values there and J Yes and J 6.
So we're going to have a number of variables.
So we've got some some values there are contained within the array.
So now it's de-construct the array.
So similar to what we did over here when we deconstructed the object.
And let's just first of all let's look at what are console log out that array value.
So you can take a closer look at it go into our console and refresh it.
It's just like we've got the object there we can deconstruct the array as well.
So let's set that up now.
So let's do let And we're going to set the array values.
So maybe we can just use a b c and d.
And we're also going to do.
And notice that we've only got four but we're setting five here.
So what I want to do is I want to have a default one for this one and we saw defaults earlier.
So let's let's do a default here and this one is just Java.
It's going to be our default.
And then all we have to do is equal it to the array.
And now if we console log these values we're able to see them within the console.
So let's refresh that and we can see we can get javascript and the same thing is going to be for a b
c and d and e.
So there's quite a bit Turei here.
So let me just write out those so we can see them get represented within the console and he and lusus
clean that up a bit.
So go back refreshed and we can see that we've been able to deconstruct the array essentially pulling
those values into a usable variable formats that we can make use of within our code.
So you can deconstruct objects and arrays with ESX.
So what I want you to do now is try it for yourself.
First of all create an object and then do the deconstruction of it.
I would put each one of the values that are contained within there and then also do the same thing for
an array so create an array de-construct it.
So it's a deconstruction part there and then output those newly freshly minted values.
So go ahead and try it for yourself.